Challenge: Evaluate an experiment analysis

1) The Sith Lords are concerned that their recruiting slogan, "Give In to Your Anger," isn't very effective. Darth Vader develops an alternative slogan, "Together We Can Rule the Galaxy." They compare the slogans on two groups of 50 captured droids each. In one group, Emperor Palpatine delivers the "Anger" slogan. In the other, Darth Vader presents the "Together" slogan. 20 droids convert to the Dark Side after hearing Palpatine's slogan, while only 5 droids convert after hearing Vader's. The Sith's data scientist concludes that "Anger" is a more effective slogan and should continue to be used.


This test isn't cleaned. Bias can be created because the slogans have been pronounced by two different men. In this case, I would suggest for Emperor Palpatine delivers the "Anger" slogan to one group and "Together" slogan to another group.


2) In the past, the Jedi have had difficulty with public relations. They send two envoys, Jar Jar Binks and Mace Windu, to four friendly and four unfriendly planets respectively, with the goal of promoting favorable feelings toward the Jedi. Upon their return, the envoys learn that Jar Jar was much more effective than Windu: Over 75% of the people surveyed said their attitudes had become more favorable after speaking with Jar Jar, while only 65% said their attitudes had become more favorable after speaking with Windu. This makes Windu angry, because he is sure that he had a better success rate than Jar Jar on every planet. The Jedi choose Jar Jar to be their representative in the future.

Windu has better success for sure! The selection of the sample is not random in the first place. Windu made unfriendly planets feel more favorable feelings toward Jedi. It make sense to split planets different way: 2 friendly and 2 unfriendly planets to each.


3) A company with work sites in five different countries has sent you data on employee satisfaction rates for workers in Human Resources and workers in Information Technology. Most HR workers are concentrated in three of the countries, while IT workers are equally distributed across worksites. The company requests a report on satisfaction for each job type. You calculate average job satisfaction for HR and for IT and present the report.

I would like to see the satisfaction rates for each department for each country. If there no dependencies of country I would calculate the average. 
When people install the Happy Days Fitness Tracker app, they are asked to "opt in" to a data collection scheme where their level of physical activity data is automatically sent to the company for product research purposes. During your interview with the company, they tell you that the app is very effective because after installing the app, the data show that people's activity levels rise steadily.

“they are asked to "opt in" to a data collection scheme” people simply do not do it because of many reasons. So the company can do not get a lot of data. 


5) To prevent cheating, a teacher writes three versions of a test. She stacks the three versions together, first all copies of Version A, then all copies of Version B, then all copies of Version C. As students arrive for the exam, each student takes a test. When grading the test, the teacher finds that students who took Version B scored higher than students who took either Version A or Version C. She concludes from this that Version B is easier, and discards it.

No idea on this question. Can recommend randomizing seating and ti mix tests. Or to make 3 stuck of each version.
